---
layout: pragma39
title: "Welcome to PRAGMA 39!"
date: 2023-03-25
workshop: pragma39
short: pragma39
---

<div class="border39">Welcome to PRAGMA 39!</div>

On behalf of the organizing committee, we would like to welcome everyone to Jakarta for the 39th meeting of the Pacific Rim Applications and Grid Middleware Assembly (PRAGMA 39). This is the first PRAGMA workshop since the COVID-19 pandemic and will give us an opportunity to reconnect and reinvigorate our collaboration. Universitas YARSI is pleased to host 39th meeting of the Pacific Rim Applications and Grid Middleware Assembly (PRAGMA 39) meeting on <b>21st to 24th June 2023 in Jakarta, Indonesia</b>. This meeting is co-host with Universitas Indonesia. This meeting is co-located with our Artificial Intelligence Seminar. On behalf of the organizing committee, I would like to welcome everyone join us in the meeting cum summit.

Registration:
Registration is now open, until 10th June 2023.

Call for Posters and Demos:
We will be announcing the call for poster and demo submissions soon! While you may submit applications for multiple posters and demos, please note that there will be a limit to the number we can accept. We encourage you to email us your intention to submit posters or demos in advance. Will provide more information on the call for posters and demos.

We look forward to welcoming you to Jakarta for an enjoyable and fruitful meeting. If you have any questions or require assistance, please don't hesitate to contact us.

We look forward to seeing you in Jakarta on the 22nd - 24th June 2023!

Best regards,
<br>
<br>
Ummi Azizah Rachmawati


<br>
<br>
<div class="border39">PRAGMA 39 Chairs</div>
<br/>
Paramaresthi Windriyani<br/>
Sri Chusri Haryanti<br/>
Ummi Azizah Rachmawati
<br>
