---
layout: pragma39
title: "Visa Letters"
date: 2023-03-25
workshop: pragma39
short: Visa
---

<div class="border39">Visa Information</div>
For Indonesian Visa Issuance, please see <a
href="https://molina.imigrasi.go.id/">Indonesian Visa Issuance page</a> for more information. Holders of passports of these <a href="https://www.imigrasi.go.id/en/e-voa/">following countries</a> are eligible to apply for electronic visa on arrival.

<div class="border39">Visa on Arrival</div>

<a href="https://kemlu.go.id/singapore/en/pages/evoa/1457/about-service/"> ELECTRONIC VISA ON ARRIVAL (EVOA) SYSTEM </a> 

<b><i>We highly recommend that you apply for Visa on Arrival \*\*BEFORE\*\* you travel
to Indonesia.</i></b>

When filling out the <a
href="https://molina.imigrasi.go.id/">Indonesian Visa Issuance page</a>,
use the following values to select a 30-day visa (Visa B213):
<ul>
  <li>The main purpose of my visit to Indonesia is => Business</li>
  <li>I am traveling on a passport from => &lt;Your Country&gt;</li>
  <li>I want to explore & choose a visa => Visa on Arrival 30 Days</li>
  <li>I am planning to stay => 30D</li>
</ul>

<br/>

<b>FAQ During Covid-19 Outbreak</b>: For Indonesian citizens and Foreigners who want to go to Indonesia.
Based on regulation update, <a href="https://covid19.go.id/storage/app/media/Regulasi/2023/Juni/SE%20No%201%20TAHUN%202023%20tentang%20PROKES%20PADA%20MASA%20TRANSISI%20ENDEMI%20COVID-19.pdf">  We do not need to use SATU SEHAT apps and COVID Vaccine Certificate again to enter Indonesia. </a>

<div class="border39">Letter of Invitation</div>

Please contact <a href="mailto:fti@yarsi.ac.id">fti@yarsi.ac.id</a> if you need a letter of invitation to support your visa application. Please provide the information below in your email request: <br />

If you need a letter of invitation for participating in the PRAGMA 39 Meeting, please email
<a href="mailto:fti@yarsi.ac.id">fti@yarsi.ac.id</a>, with the following information.

<p>
<ul>
<li>Your full name as appeared in your passport </li>
<li>Title/Position and name of your organization</li>
<<<<<<< HEAD
<li>Email, phone number and nationality</li>
<li>Arrival and departure dates for your stay in Indonesia</li>
=======
<li>Email, phone number and nationality</li> 
<li>Arrival and departure dates for your stay in Hong Kong</li>
>>>>>>> 8eb6c4628c53d3e0073cb8efb7346e68e44538c4
<li>Additional info that needs to be evident in the invitation letter</li>
<li><strong>If you need the original, signed physical letter posted to you, please provide complete postal address (zip code included, no PO Boxes please) in your email.</strong></li>
</ul>

<br>

An official invitation letter will be sent to the all participants, who request them, but you must have
registered for the PRAGMA meeting.

Please be aware that providing necessary documents for your visa application do not imply any financial support.
Travel expenses incurred to your participation in the PRAGMA 39 Workshop are
the responsibility of the participant.
