---
layout: pragma41
title: "Welcome to PRAGMA 41!"
date: 2025-07-21
workshop: pragma41
short: pragma41
---
<style>
.welcome-message {
  font-weight: bold;
  font-size: 28px;
}
</style>

On behalf of the organizing committee, we would like to welcome everyone to
Thailand for the 41st meeting of the Pacific Rim Applications and Grid
Middleware Assembly (PRAGMA 41). PRAGMA 41 will be held January 8-10, 2026 at
Thammasat University Rangsit Center in Pathumthani province.  PRAGMA (Pacific
Rim Applications and Grid Middleware Assembly) is an international community
that fosters collaborative, practical solutions in cyberinfrastructure and
applications. This year’s theme, “Collaborative TechScapes: Innovating
Together for Our Societies,” highlights the convergence of technology,
creativity, and cross-regional partnerships to shape sustainable futures.
<br>
<br>
<div class="welcome-message">PRAGMA41 Welcome Message from the General Chair</div>
<br>
It is a true pleasure to welcome you to PRAGMA41 at Thammasat University. Nearly a decade after hosting PRAGMA31 in 2016, we are honored to once again support this active and collaborative community. Thammasat is proud to support this effort and to contribute to advancing regional and cross-regional collaboration.<br><br>
For our local team, it has been a privilege to support this gathering of passionate researchers, developers, and collaborators from across the PRAGMA community. This year’s theme, “Collaborative TechScapes: Innovating Together for Future Societies,” aligns closely with the university’s mission to promote inclusive, sustainable innovation with real-world relevance.  While the program speaks for itself, our role has been simply to help create the space—logistically and intellectually—for meaningful exchange to happen.<br><br>
Many of us have grown within this community, learning from its hands-on approach, its openness, and its emphasis on working solutions. We hope PRAGMA41 continues that tradition, offering opportunities not only to present and prototype but to collaborate in ways that extend far beyond this week.<br><br>
Thank you for making the journey to be here. Please don’t hesitate to reach out to any of us throughout your time in Thailand. We’re here to help—and happy to learn alongside you.<br><br>
<br>
Wilawan Rukpakavong<br>
PRAGMA41 General Chair,<br>
Assistant Professor, Ph.D.<br>
Head of Department of Computer Science,<br>
Thammasat University<br>
<!--<div class="border40">PRAGMA 41 General Co-Chairs</div>-->

