---
layout: pragma38
title: "Visa Letters"
date: 2019-12-04
workshop: pragma38
short: Visa
---

<div class="border38">Visa Information</div>
Visitors to Hong Kong must hold a valid passport. Passports should be valid for at least six months after your planned departure date from Hong Kong. Nationals of most countries are not required to obtain visas for periods varying from seven days to 180 days, depending on nationality. For more information about Visa requirements please refer to <a href="https://www.immd.gov.hk/eng/services/visas/visit-transit/visit-visa-entry-permit.html">Visit Visa/ Entry Permit Requirements</a>.

<div class="border38">Letter of Invitation</div>

Please contact secretrait (pragma38 (at) hku(dot)hk) if you need a letter of invitation to support your visa application. Please provide the information below in your email request: <br />

If you need a letter of invitation for participating in the PRAGMA 38 Meeting, please email 
the PRAGMA secretrait (pragma38 (at) hku(dot)hk), with the following information.

<p>
<ul>
<li>Your full name as appeared in your passport </li>
<li>Title/Position and name of your organization</li>
<li>Email, phone number and nationality</li>
<li>Arrival and departure dates for your stay in Hong Kong</li>
<li>Additional info that needs to be evident in the invitation letter</li>
<li><strong>If you need the original, signed physical letter posted to you, please provide complete postal address (zip code included, no PO Boxes please) in your email.</strong></li>
</ul>

<br>

An official invitation letter will be sent to the all participants, who request them, but you must have 
registered for the PRAGMA meeting.

Please be aware that providing necessary documents for your visa application do not imply any financial support. 
Travel expenses incurred to your participation in the PRAGMA 38 Workshop are
the responsibility of the participant himself/herself.
